{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b To Do\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}\outl\strokewidth60 Panning - get initial offset from centre and maintain for remaining of the panning gesture, and use captured view\
{\listtext	2.	}Rotation -  ensure the captured view is used for this\
{\listtext	3.	}Hit testing in translated frame\
{\listtext	4.	}Fade Out toolbar - add timing stuff and make this a lot better\
{\listtext	5.	}Refactoring\
{\listtext	6.	}Use the EG photo picker - allow multiple selections\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \outl\strokewidth60 \strokec0 {\listtext	7.	}Randomise placement, scaling and rotation of images and perform background thread animation\
{\listtext	8.	}Activity indicator on Photo picker (could you progress bar at 2 pics per second)\
{\listtext	9.	}Look into large photo handling issues\
{\listtext	10.	}Popovers not above the buttons\
{\listtext	11.	}Clear All Functionality\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	12.	}Bug in selecting text rotated at 90 degrees - something wrong with the geometry\
{\listtext	13.	}Minimum and maximum scaling\
{\listtext	14.	}Improve Rotation gesture - is this possible? - simultaneous gestures\
{\listtext	15.	}Enable the addition of text\
{\listtext	16.	}Minor bug in dual gesture recognition\
{\listtext	17.	}Popovers dismissed on menu fade\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	18.	}Background configuration\
{\listtext	19.	}Text colour and configuration\
{\listtext	20.	}Allow saving of final collage, and sharing via email\
{\listtext	21.	}Save and Loading of session - via basic archiving\
{\listtext	22.	}Image Borders & transparent borders\
{\listtext	23.	}Change Add text to flip modal sheet\
{\listtext	24.	}Improve Border sizing for images and labels\
{\listtext	25.	}Add Line 3 to text stuff\
{\listtext	26.	}Replace fade menu with navigation controller, multiple sessions\
{\listtext	27.	}Better delete icon and overlay?\
{\listtext	28.	}Editing of existing text  - reframing required\
{\listtext	29.	}Info Disclosure for Saved Collages\
{\listtext	30.	}Allow Theme Changes\
{\listtext	31.	}Improve people picker controller with multi-selection and thumbnail images\
{\listtext	32.	}People font too small on iPad\
{\listtext	33.	}Better placement (random) of photos and contacts - offset when too many photos - also text\
{\listtext	34.	}Lucky Dip - photos and address book entries - auto collage settings\
{\listtext	35.	}Better error messages for Location Services on Albums\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	36.	}Symbols / clip art? - i.e lines, arrows (object count, object placement, last used arrow settings, save last used settings, improve arrow curves and head placement, length - length options & length per device?)\
{\listtext	37.	}Border on exported image\
{\listtext	38.	}Printing 4x6 and Letter/A4\
{\listtext	39.	}Background textures\
{\listtext	40.	}Relaxed memory restrictions on importing\
{\listtext	41.	}Snap to Grid & Grid Layout?\
{\listtext	42.	}Bugs: help collages, shake while picking new collage\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	43.	}Clean up headers on settings\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	44.	}Twitter integration\
{\listtext	45.	}Low Memory Warning Indicator, Scale Down options\
{\listtext	46.	}Activity indicators on load\
{\listtext	47.	}Bugs!  Objects getting stuck - panoramas, text (zapfino to smaller font), arrows\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	48.	}Border thicknesses again!!!\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	49.	}Place text and arrows in center (not according to layout)\
{\listtext	50.	}ELC Picker - num selected photos.\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	51.	}Help function\
{\listtext	52.	}Distribution to testers\
{\listtext	53.	}Bugs in Contact Picker - when search bar is used (and Select None)\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	54.	}Scroll Position on Collage Info\
{\listtext	55.	}Edit Mode in List View - switch off when new collage or collage Info\
{\listtext	56.	}Check all settings text: export only applies to save/email, layout position reset\
{\listtext	57.	}Code Review & Tidy up\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	58.	}Panoramas bug - too small for initial placement\
{\listtext	59.	}Nils and nulls - i.e. adding nils to dictionaries and arrays\
{\listtext	60.	}Change "this application" to "Montage Magic"\outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	\outl\strokewidth60 \strokec0 61.	}Fault checking - simulate nulls/nils (USE backup code)\
{\listtext	62.	}Resilient and protective coding\
\ls1\ilvl0\outl\strokewidth60 \strokec0 {\listtext	63.	}memory leak checking (iPad)\
{\listtext	64.	}Check GUI against Apple's HIG\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	65.	}Read iTunes Connect Guide\
{\listtext	66.	}Screenshots, Artwork, metadata, etc. for App Store submission\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
v1.1\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Add Maps images - v1.1\
{\listtext	2.	}Arrow Shadows?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \outl\strokewidth60 {\listtext	3.	}Shake to Shuffle\outl0\strokewidth0 \
{\listtext	4.	}Google Image Search?\
{\listtext	5.	}Remember previous selection in EC Photo picker if dismissed\
{\listtext	6.	}Save and Loading of session - via Core Data\
{\listtext	7.	}Individual settings for borders and shadows on text\outl\strokewidth60 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	8.	}Allow global setting of font and text colours\
{\listtext	9.	}z-Order usability?\
{\listtext	10.	}Printer Margin settings\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
}